humanity is at a crossroads the world as
it is today the poverty the hunger the
greed and war it's no longer sustainable
the time has come to wipe the slate
clean friends it's time for the
apocalypse well the apocalypse is here I
guess I hope so yeah me too
we also had one of the strangest
crossovers in history I'm confident and
to take this chance damn that got dark
really quickly I was not expecting that
at all let's break down episode 9 fire
and rain now make sure you subscribe for
these weekly breakdowns and we're also
doing character deep dives earlier this
week we shared a video and everyone's
favorite fashion icon myrtles snow let
us know who you want us to examine next
alright episode 9 fire and rain overall
thoughts great ok I I can I can see how
they're going to end this you can see
the fin you see it I can see the finish
line you can see how they can end it
yeah but honestly I would hope that
maybe they stretch this out push it into
the next season that would be incredible
it's not gonna happen obviously it would
be awesome at the end of the season
finale if it says to be continued and in
season 9 is a continuation of the
apocalypse story because a lot needs to
happen in a matter of one hour actually
less than in one hour we were here last
year with Colt and we said the same
thing for their pen told me in episode
we thought oh there was no way how they
gonna wrap it all together and well they
found the way I have a feeling they're
gonna do the same thing yeah yeah
overall I'm not a big fan you know this
of all the flashbacks the entire season
of flashbacks it feels like they're just
throwing stuff on the wall and seeing
what sticks but there's no explanation
on what is on the wall and why it's
there and how it all it connects like I
don't the plot of like what's gonna
happen I I just I think it's fallen flat
for me this year I think there's a plan
but again I feel like the plan for them
started very early from return to Murder
House and then
from there I hope it wasn't okay now
what are we doing next where do we go
Fragger there was a plan I hope to god
they had an ending yeah I mean start we
all know that American Horror Story can
get absurd at times yep
especially in this episode but the highs
are so high like when they went back to
Murder House it was so much fun to see
all those characters kind of cross over
together they peaked yeah yeah clearly
um but I just hope that this season
finale can really kind of wrap it all up
and give us that same feeling because
last few episodes haven't been that
strong in my opinion all of this just
needs to end the worst part is I just
realized I hate this [ __ ] coffee this
coffee tastes like burnt [ __ ]
why is this called signature Rose who is
signing for this [ __ ] right Gregg's
let's break it down
this episode starts off and we're still
in the past we're not yet at present-day
apocalypse not yet yeah yeah we're back
at Caen eros robotics with Jeff and mutt
our favorite Dumb and Dumber
billionaires that you know have a plan
that they're slowly trying to you know
end the world but it's not really
happening for them yet no but they
pretty much tell you everything right
then in their that they're the guys who
started the apocalypse which is race it
is pretty ridiculous that they are the
main antagonists that start this entire
thing because Mehmet had a bad day at
work yeah but that starts the apocalypse
Wow
obviously they have the crazy technology
behind them I thought it was really cool
to see the opening shot of the handgun
to to his head yeah because we thought
we had last week yeah or someone I
thought it was literally probably miss
Meade or or Venable tables trailers with
a green exactly that that teaches you to
take away the grain of salt because it
looks so realistic but it was just a
hand and obviously had no bullets in
there so we saw the gun
is this still check-offs gun here even
though no one was shot at the end of the
episode can we come back to this in the
next episode yeah
[Music]
their fate is still up in the area right
I mean we obviously don't see them in
present-day he's
somebody he is emailing somebody on on
that that when he's in his room huh
who is he email maybe it's them it's got
it is he still in touch with them I
think so so they survived they're in
another outpost somewhere else safe and
safe and sound
he's emailing someone operative yeah
that's for sure
it just feels to me that like they can't
coexist in the long term right the
Lincoln's gonna get sick of them at some
point yeah although he needs that he he
needs the direction like they need to
push him cuz he's such a young immature
boy still like he need some guidance he
grew what 10 years in yeah so there you
go yeah in New Orleans and miss
robichaux's Academy the witches coven
they're hanging out yeah you know having
a good time I like seeing Zoey like
leading a class very cool she's you know
increased her level in her ranking in
the coven I like the world-building here
yeah yeah we cool what else to be
learned okay so we learned that Mallory
she's still trying to work on her
resurrection powers all right what's the
word for the term they call it Everett
Ellis patella metallus yes she's still
working on manifestly yeah so she hasn't
perfected that we saw previously that
she brought that deer back basically
brought that deer back to life and made
it a young bond again or something which
I needs time for her powers apparently
to mature right she's or she can just
you know find Cordelia and push it down
some stairs speed this up in don't you
dare kill Cordelia sorry yeah so if that
is true though right if the supreme does
die then hopefully as we allude to in
this later Christ hey you know those
powers would then go to the younger
ascending supreme let's take something
girl you just gonna take some pearls and
throw them on the ground or something at
some point cuz you got to speed this up
you're pushing too hard
think about that bird it's a nice little
nod to misty day in the oven pilot when
she you know brings that bird back to
life in front of the churchgoers and
that like starts the whole thing when
they freak out and then they burn her at
the stake misty could reach into that
place between life and death and draw a
soul back from the precipice back to
this side back to life we also learn
about this or a shield that's yeah over
the Academy apparently no one can get in
now the writers or shield it cools do
that and before I can even finish
rolling my eyes Michael walks through
the front door right out of Dina so Dina
totally backstabs well you know they're
not totally friend friendly with the
witches the voodoo queen but she makes a
deal with Michael to let gain entrance
and then she gets her show greenlit 13
episodes of her show greenlit
hey Dina do you understand that there
won't be a world to watch your show like
no one will watch your show why would
you agree to such a deal maybe she
doesn't know that Michael's ultimate
plan probably does know that part
destroy the world
you know because why the hell else would
you want to become the Oprah of
entertainment if he knew the world was
coming to an end
I told Cordelia what I was gonna do to
all of you
I have deaths to avenge
so Michael barges right through and you
know easily dispatches of all those
witches quick and we get missed me now
2.0 Rosie the robot straight up it's
going to town in that room and then also
he's actually uses his powers for a
moment there we get a cool scene of that
with yeah that was cool but the balls is
gone bubbles is gone
Robo Meade kills Zoe and Queenie yes we
knew because they weren't in the room in
the future right for Halloween
yes they're so quick to do the aura
thing over the house and just throw that
together and then we yeah they're gonna
do the same thing with they they their
souls are gone forever
no Mallory or someone will bring them
back or just time travel so the
remaining which is Cordelia and Mallory
Myrtle and Madison try to say that
quickly they all go back to the swamp to
misty days her little Day Spa on the
swamp she's gone she's off gallivanting
with Stevie Nicks the White Witch yep
and they hang out over there not totally
safe you know anyone could come there
and kill them and then finally Madison
comes clean about the powers that
Michael has now I remember that Madison
was sent to the murder house to get
gather this intel on Michael Langdon
probably should have been taking notes I
think you know one of those notes should
have been hey Michael has his power
weakened like burned souls and erased
him from exist and underline that part a
few times it's the first thing you come
back and tell Cordelia he she didn't say
that to anybody at the same time had she
said anything with this change in you
the events
no Greg they would have put a double or
a spell on the house that would have
blocked everything yeah erase double
irate no erasies
triple stamped it no erasies to make it
a rope madison you had one job it's not
one job oh all this isn't her fault
also i can't believe i'm defending her
in the ninth episode I never knew I'd
get to this point where I'm defending
gotta save this far we should not be
defending her yes I will
so we find out that Rosie the robot is
actually being controlled by Jeff and
mud in this West world style tactic it
seems like there's a little bit of both
right she can like control on she works
on her own but also they can change the
narrative by just like typing into a box
and they have like the the camera there
you really don't want to think about
that too long or too hard because that
come on they really they're the entire
time are they still doing this image
that's your question yeah I don't I
think that they give her some sort of
free will they have the technology to
make yeah her like you know West world
style robot but they also can just kind
of jump in there and just change some
stuff really quickly and manipulate you
know Michael in that way yeah but for a
moment there it seemed as if Michael
knew that they're actually I don't know
if he did though I thought he was
catching on to it but he still went
along with it cuz he's such an
impressionable young Antichrist I feel
like he was he'll listen anything I
thought he was gonna figure it out and
then just set her on fire and they'd
have to make a new one
but he keep on yeah I do mind havin to
do it but that would have been a cool
little idea but now all right cool funny
little joke here Michael says that he
may be his plan should be to become the
president
mm-hmm and his need is like a robo meet
is like no that's probably not a good
idea that's the omen three it's the omen
three a fun little reference there
Michael it sounds like the plot of the
omen three is this where you're getting
your ideas well I'm in the worlds to
look so like there's a bunch of
reference material on how to be the
Antichrist I have not seen the omen
three by the way
either of I and we got to go back and
watch the first element apparently
because remember we we missed the birth
mark birthmark not to birthmark Chris
mark guy's birthmark behind the ear 666
we learn a little bit more info on the
co-operative so there's a list of at
least 100 we don't know if it ends at
100 or just just the 100 top people you
got here it sounds like this hundred
people the wealthiest the rid the most
rich the powerful most influential are
the ones that are in control okay of the
world all right all right that's the
co-operative aka the Illuminati
[Music]
so they made a joke Warren Buffett Bill
Clinton General Kim of North Korea and
Vladimir Putin are in this Illuminati
the co-operative who else you think's on
that list a lot of name-dropping oh yeah
I'm shocked they didn't say anything
they didn't say Beyonce then they didn't
do it even a Blue Ivy joke I thought
there gonna be something like that not
yet we'll see one more episode to go all
right time now to talk about time travel
Wow yes
tempest infinitum I believe it's how it
pronounced it is something that witches
have tried to do but never successfully
done has traveled through time and
changed the course of history even the
ones a try it apparently have all died
yes so let's try it let's let this young
child here throw her in a pool Bellary
ghost coach I this thing you'll be fine
don't worry only death could happen with
us so we head to Siberia
yes 1918 I had no clue this was coming
at all I liked it when the screen popped
up I was like okay yes so they're in
Siberia and the Romanoff family is about
to get murdered by the Bolsheviks this
is on Amazon Prime if you guys I'm gonna
watch the Romanovs
I don't know breakdowns if you want an
accurate version of everything that goes
down you got to watch the Disney film
because Disney the corporation they
never lie so that's perfect
do we have a problem huh no sir no mr.
Mouse
so in this version Anastacio anastasiya
whatever you wanna say
she is the daughter in the family and
she's a witch secretly which she knew
she had some sort of power and she tries
to use it in order to stop the
Bolsheviks from killing the family now
she's not strong enough
much like Mallory she's a little too
young to be using her powers yes okay
okay yeah they kind of went back in time
with a less high-profile historical
event historical event that you know
that witches might have been involved in
you know they kind of just gave someone
a lotto ticket just to test it out you
know and hope that they don't turn in a
Biff Tannen from Back to the Future too
but that's all Grey's sports Almanac
you heard him girls party zone why why
19:18 like such a high-profile event
anything could go wrong yeah I will I
will say this though we know that Ryan
Murphy likes to have fun with historical
events yes and the Cossack people's ah
yeah and then like like last year with
the cult leaders when Evan Peters is
playing like every cult leader
imaginable I'm all for they like to go
back in time and kind of tweak
historical events to their own liking so
I didn't have a horrible I didn't have a
huge problem with it it was just kind of
funny how that's that's the first thing
they thought out yeah that's that's the
tool that they need to figure out how to
beat this the Antichrist so in order to
time-travel you need to get into a
bathtub with water right every you know
they had an in Legion they had in
Constantine what lies beneath wait I
could have swore they traveled through
time so Mallory is unsuccessful to help
anastacio shocking surprise she's too
young and not strong enough so they sent
her dunked her in the water and held her
breath this goes back to Cordelia gonna
push her down some stairs throw her in
that swamp with the alligators or Delia
give your powers up speed this up yeah
so she's unable to do it she came back
got some bloody eyes and basically they
realized that they just need to go to
the Warlocks to ask for help well too
late
guess what the warlocks are dead and
Michael arranged them in a nice
pentagram on the ground oh nice a little
like decoration for the house Antichrist
was here yeah exactly
okay another flashback I think the final
flashback I think so we look find out
that how Venable joins the cooperative
yeah Jeff gave her a job at outpost
three so there you go it's a little yeah
she's like Franklin she's packing up all
of her stuff like I'm gonna get out of
here stop by HR put my complaint put my
complaints in so as she was HR I
a jar [ __ ] um and then they're like no
we have a job for you so that's how she
basically ran a post three school and we
kind of find out how she got that much
kind of power-hungry when she was in her
own space we tell her do whatever you
want and you know what she does finally
Michael meets the cooperative
face-to-face or face to chrome' face
things well the design was pretty cool
yeah I like that I liked it a little bit
of it reminds me of the yacyas music
video for I think Amblin Alps but that's
where I got that look from he said Death
Eaters a little bit of Death Eaters I'm
Harry Potter a little bit of Eyes Wide
Shut vibes a little bit yes we're seen
itself let's just say it's a weird group
yeah it's a weird group of people there
and then you know Michael Langdon with
the red gloves you notice that little
touch I liked it oh he's going kylo Ren
on this a little black and red over here
so in order to get into one of these
outposts you need $100,000,000 go that's
the cost that's it alright alright so
LeBron can make it you can make it
Beyonce jay-z a kid can make it I don't
think Kanye is gonna yeah Kardashian's
gonna make it Kardashians rain Kanye he
might be left outside okay I got one
question here I know I'm not the only
one who's got this question I want to
know who's got that Texas ranch is it
dead or is it George which I think it
said it could fit 20 people down there
in that bunker okay that's not a lot if
you if it's the end of the world that's
good point yeah all right time now for
favorite moments I think my favorite
moment was just the the every instance
when Jeff and mud are kind of
controlling Robo Meade yeah me too
that was a fun little like thing that
they had they added to the you know we
don't know that how the technology
actually works mm-hmm but it was cool to
see that they are kind of involved in
like just manipulating and it makes
Michael look really bad to be honest
though that they're just manipulating
him very easily in controlling need but
like to have an army of these androids
across the earth there with with you
know Robo you know tactical weaponry
mm-hmm pretty cool idea also I do like
this one line that Michael gives to miss
me the guys who brought me back to you
maybe they have the answers really they
seem like a bunch of coked out nerds to
me rude okay it's time for Season Finale
predictions already a season finale yes
yes it is sadly Lots got to be covered
in this episode I don't know how they're
gonna do it in one hour I think they're
going to though they're going to try
this there's gonna be some fast scenes
you're gonna get some cameos for maybe
30 seconds
honestly if there is a cameo with a few
people that we think there are cameos
for you should get your stopwatch out
and time it and see how long they're on
screen because it could be quick we're
sure going back to the murder house yeah
well from the trailer it looks like
we're probably going back for one more
scene yeah
so that means Constance Langdon okay
stay back and if you take a look at Ryan
Murphy's Instagram mm-hmm-hmm it really
feels like Angela Bassett might be back
okay so that means Marie Laveau is back
and if you even dig further into the
trailer for the upcoming week that looks
like her totally looks like her now
again take these trailers with a grain
of salt we've seen how we've seen how
they kind of manipulate the trailers to
make it look like something that doesn't
really happen at all so but Dina's she's
given a [ __ ] face
yeah Deena is like oh so that might be
what happens here she's like I got a
surprise and Marie Laveau comes out
right
there's also another I'd scoured a Ryan
Murphy's Instagram page this entire week
there's another image of Mike Cody fern
who plays Michael Langdon torn and he's
torn up and he's looking all disheveled
but more importantly he's in a bathtub
looking thing with a lot of water just
like Mallory was when she was
time-traveling is there really gonna be
more time-travel he could also just pull
her out of the tub or something into a
fight or maybe he jumps into the tub
himself to try to go into the past and
fix things and they end out in the wrong
year I don't know 1963 JFK assassination
those witches were involved they're
involved in that too obviously and so
were the x-men and Stephen King you're
gonna have some stuff on it so there you
go so many crossovers if you have too
many but there there's your season 9
boom other things that need to happen
the construction of the outpost I feel
that they're gonna there's gonna
they're gonna move way ahead and they're
gonna we're gonna skip all that
construction how everyone got there we
need to figure out how the witches what
happened with that identity spell right
oh we're gonna get that quick I think
that's in the trailer too
I was like so they wake up from there
didn't we spell it right right so that
why Cordelia kind of hid them and made
sure that and how she made sure that
they got into the outpost so they
wouldn't reveal themselves of great
Michael or something he's Michael hadn't
seen them before we also need to find
out like how Michael got that hair I
mean he is like short curly tear in two
three years pass to Greer's okay I mean
that is only guy that is straightened
like does he use a straightener every
morning yes he's the Antichrist oh he
can do whatever he wants with his hair I
think you and I can both agree that it's
gonna come down to Michael and Mallory
we're not breaking news here I think
there'll be a twist in there somewhere
though maybe cocoa that is a good point
she only does the gluten stuff she needs
to be more useful than just gluten
testing you remember back to earlier in
the season when Michael and Mallory
first met Met met met each other and
faced off in the in his room and yet the
interrogation scene
malory is like the only one that Michael
really fears it seems throughout the
season mm-hmm so I think it's altom
utley gonna come down to you know the
son of satan versus the daughter of God
or this goddess that's gonna be you know
she needs to really level up and get her
strength soon quick so they're gonna
just like smack her around a few times
there were more deaths in her face to
get her to remember everything and bring
back her memory and I don't know about
this well I looked up I looked up the
name Mallory for the origin of Mallory
and let me read this to you transferred
use of the English surname from a French
origin it is derived from the old french
Mallory I don't have to pronounce that
sorry I know speak French meaning the
unfortunate one or the unlucky one it
may be it made me think that she she's
not gonna make it out of this alive that
she's a curse I might have to sacrifice
herself all we know all we know to go by
is a you know her first name Mallory we
don't know any last names she just
playing Mallory so I don't know it feels
like she might have to sacrifice herself
that she's she's from another world as
well as michaelis and she might
sacrifice herself for the ultimate
well-being of humankind yes I can see
that with Cordelia and maybe it's Coco
with the final blow of whatever happens
but or that's my guess she fails michael
creates michael destroys everyone and in
his own little secret lair he just him
in Timothy and Emily hang out and they
start the new world okay that's it for
us over here everybody we will be back
here next week for the finale yes let us
know in the comments any theories or
predictions you might have and I think
we'll pull the best ones we can and
share them here on next week's breakdown
yes thank you guys so much for watching
as always and we will see you next week
bye bye